# Prime (D2D) Token Disclaimer

To any and all prospective holders, purchasers, assignees, or transferees (“You” or “Your”, as applicable) of the Prime Ethereum tokens (“D2D” Tokens”), by your participation in the relevant token distribution and interaction with the materials herein and with the D2D Tokens themselves, You acknowledge Your understanding and agreement with the disclaimers herein:

D2D tokens permit use of software created by the PrimeDAO Decentralized Autonomous Organization (“PrimeDAO”), and are not to be treated as investments of any nature. The D2D Token does not impart or guarantee any economic benefits or returns of any kind to its holders, and staking or locking the D2D Token may involve different risks of loss of the D2D Token. The operation, maintenance and overall success of the PrimeDAO and protocol depends on the efforts of a disparate group of actors constituting the PrimeDAO and sub-DAOs therein, and as such the products and services described herein involve substantial risk. Materials published by the PrimeDAO, The Prime Development Foundation (the “Foundation”), or any affiliate or related entity to the foregoing (collectively, the Prime “Network”) do not constitute the provision of advisory services regarding investment, tax, legal, financial, accounting, consulting or any other related services, nor are they a recommendation to purchase any token, product or service. All materials published by the Network reflect the information available as of the time of publishing, are subject to change at any time without notice, and shall in no circumstance incur any liability for any direct or consequential loss arising out of the use of any Network materials or communications.

You represent and warrant You are not: (i) in violation of any laws relating to economic sanctions, anti-money laundering, or anti-corruption; (ii) restricted or prohibited in dealings by a global sanctions authority (including but not limited to the Security Council of the United Nations, the European Union, or the U.S. Office of Foreign Assets and Control) (a "Sanctions Authority"), (iii) a citizen of or domiciled in (at any time) a country sanctioned by a Sanctions Authority including, but not limited to, Cuba, Iran, Syria, North Korea, and the Crimea region of Ukraine; and (iv) a citizen of or domiciled in any of the following jurisdictions for the D2D Token distribution: the United States (including its territories and dependencies, any state of the United States and the District of Columbia), Afghanistan, Ethiopia, Guyana, Iraq, Sudan, or Yemen.

PrimeDAO has undertaken commercially reasonable screening measures, to the extent possible in a distribution performed by a decentralized exchange and accompanying DAO, to prevent any excluded persons or jurisdictions from participating in the sale, but as an additional measure relies upon Your representation that You are not excluded from participation in accord with the foregoing. Furthermore, PrimeDAO expressly disclaims and disavows any secondary transfers, sales, or assignments of the D2D Tokens by You and shall have no liability whatsoever for any such actions, further recipients, or usage of the D2D Tokens.

Purchasing D2D Tokens involves a high degree of various risks, including a possible loss of the entire purchase price. PrimeDAO’s sector and market is highly competitive, new, and subject to innumerable legal and regulatory uncertainties, including as to the status or classification of the D2D Token itself and its distribution, the status of the PrimeDAO and its dealings, and the legal and regulatory treatment of the wider decentralized technology space generally. ​At any time PrimeDAO and/or the Foundation may be compelled to cease operations or take actions that result in its dissolution—while such actions may not affect the continuance of the PrimeDAO, they may impact PrimeDAO’s and D2D’s developments, legal classification, intellectual property status, commercial relationships, and other interactions between the various entities that support the development of D2D. ​

A private key, or a combination of private keys, is necessary to send and otherwise interact with D2D Tokens stored in Your Ethereum wallet. Accordingly, loss of sole control of such private key(s) (including by any third party’s access to such private keys) associated with Your wallet can result in a loss of such D2D Tokens. Further, Your failure to properly follow the procedures for D2D Token distribution, for example providing an incorrect or non-compatible wallet address, may result in the loss of Your D2D Tokens. ​​

PrimeDAO and its corresponding product suite is still under development and may undergo significant changes over time and although PrimeDAO intends for the D2D Tokens to function as described in the materials herein and accompanying documentation, PrimeDAO is free to alter the course of development or services (including the usage or purpose of D2D Tokens) as it chooses/as deemed advisable by the direction of the DAO’s governance process. Therefore, D2D Tokens may not meet any specific expectations You may have concerning the D2D Token’s value, utility, or usage. ​

Malicious actors may attempt to interfere with the token distribution platform or the D2D Tokens in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, malware attacks, denial of service attacks, consensus-based attacks, Sybil attacks, smurfing and spoofing, any of the foregoing in manners out of PrimeDAO’s control. Furthermore, because PrimeDAO’s products and DAO are substantially based on open source software, there is a risk that a third party or a PrimeDAO member may intentionally or unintentionally introduce weaknesses into the core infrastructure of the PrimeDAO or its products, which could negatively affect the D2D Tokens, including their utility.

The legal and regulatory status and classification of D2D Tokens, DAOs and blockchain technology generally is unclear or unsettled in many jurisdictions. It is difficult to predict how or whether governments and regulatory agencies may apply existing regulations and law, or enact future regulations or legislation, with respect to such technology and its future applications, including the PrimeDAO and the D2D Tokens. Enforcement actions could negatively impact PrimeDAO and the D2D Tokens in various ways, including but not limited to (solely for purposes of illustration) through a determination that the offering and distribution/purchase of the D2D Tokens constitutes unlawful activity or that the D2D Tokens represent regulated instruments requiring registration or licensing of those instruments or some or all of the parties involved in the offering and distribution/purchase thereof. PrimeDAO may cease to offer its services to people in specific jurisdictions in the event that regulatory actions, or changes to law or regulation make it illegal to operate in such jurisdiction, or commercially undesirable for D2D to obtain the necessary regulatory approval(s) to operate in such jurisdiction.

THIS WEBSITE, THE LINKS AND OTHER MATERIALS PROVIDED HEREIN, AND ANY COMMUNICATIONS RELATED TO ANY OF THE FOREGOING ARE NOT INTENDED TO CONSTITUTE AN OFFER TO SELL, OR SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY, ANY SECURITIES. ANY AND ALL ‘SECURITIES’ REFERRED TO HEREIN, SHOULD THEY BE SO DESIGNATED BY A REGULATORY ENTITY WITH JURISDICTION, HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER ANY APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION NOR ANY OTHER SECURITIES COMMISSION OR AGENCY HAS REVIEWED OR CONFIRMED THE ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF THE CONTENTS HEREOF.

NOTHING SET FORTH HEREIN IS INTENDED TO BE LEGAL, TAX OR FINANCIAL ADVICE TO ANY ENTITY OR PERSON. NO REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY OR ASSURANCE IS MADE REGARDING THE ACCURACY OF THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN, AND IT IS NOT INTENDED TO BE RELIED UPON BY ANY PERSON. THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN MAY NOT REFLECT SUBSEQUENT DEVELOPMENTS.

THE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS IN THIS WEBSITE OR THE LINKS AND OTHER RELATED MATERIALS ARE SUBJECT TO NUMEROUS ASSUMPTIONS, RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES WHICH ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE OVER TIME. THERE ARE MANY RISK FACTORS, INCLUDING THOSE RELATING TO DISTRIBUTED LEDGER AND BLOCKCHAIN TECHNOLOGY GENERALLY, AS WELL ANY OPERATIONS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS, THAT COULD CAUSE ACTUAL RESULTS OR DEVELOPMENTS TO NOT BE REALIZED IN WHOLE OR IN PART OR, EVEN IF SUBSTANTIALLY REALIZED, TO FAIL TO ACHIEVE ANY OR ALL OF THE BENEFITS THAT COULD BE EXPECTED THEREFROM. PRIMEDAO AND ALL RELATED AND/OR INTERESTED ENTITIES RESERVE THE RIGHT TO CHANGE THE PLANS, EXPECTATIONS AND INTENTIONS STATED HEREIN AT ANY TIME AND FOR ANY REASON, IN THEIR RESPECTIVE SOLE AND ABSOLUTE DISCRETION, AND, EXCEPT AS MAY BE OTHERWISE REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW. PRIMEDAO UNDERTAKES NO OBLIGATION TO UPDATE PUBLICLY OR REVISE ANY FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENT, WHETHER AS A RESULT OF NEW INFORMATION, FUTURE DEVELOPMENTS OR OTHERWISE. YOU DO NOT RELY ON, AND DO NOT MAKE ANY FINANCIAL DECISION OR INVESTMENT BASED ON, THE STATEMENTS CONTAINED IN THIS WEBSITE, THE LINKS AND OTHER MATERIALS PROVIDED HEREIN, AND ANY RELATED COMMUNICATIONS -- INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY SELLING OR TRADING OF ANY CRYPTOGRAPHIC OR BLOCKCHAIN TOKEN FOR ANY PURPOSE, OR THE SECURITIES OF ANY COMPANY OR OTHER ORGANIZATION OR GROUP.
